<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
 <title>COAP SDS - Help</title> 
 <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
 <meta http-equiv="Content-language" content="en_UK" />
 <meta name="Author" content="$Author$" />
 <meta name="Revised" content="$Date$" />
 <meta name="Description" content="User documentation for the COAP SDS application." />
 <meta name="Keywords" content="" />
 <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="coap.css" />
</head>

<!--
  - File:	       $Source$
  -
  - Created:	       2001/01/31
  - Created By:        Paul Egan
  -
  - Last Edited:       $Date$
  - Edited By:         $Author$
  -
  - ID: 	       $Id$
  -
  - History:	       $Log$
  - History:	       Revision 1.1  2001/02/01 16:22:54  eganp
  - History:	       Copy of SSJS html files with start on change to template form.
  - History:	       Also converted to xhtml
  - History:
  -
  -->

<body>

<a name="contents"></a>
<p>
 Contents
</p>

<p>
 <ul>
  <li><a href="images/quickGuide.gif" onclick="window.open('images/quickGuide.gif','coap_qg','width=970,height=510,resizable=1,scrollbars=yes'); return false;">Quick Guide</a></li>
  <li><a href="#tabSel">Selecting a table/data set</a></li>
  <li><a href="#empSel">Selecting an employee</a></li>
  <li><a href="#nonEIC">Non Easter Inch or ex-employees</a></li>
  <li><a href="#recUpd">Updating a record</a></li>
  <li><a href="#recAdd">Adding a record</a></li>
  <li><a href="#caCIDs">The HR & team leader corrective action fields</a></li>
  <li><a href="#userAdd">Adding a new user</a></li>
  <li><a href="#userUpd">Updating user access</a></li>
  <li><a href="#plAdd">Adding a pick-list item</a></li>
 </ul>
</p>

<a name="tabSel"></a>
<p>
 Selecting a table/data set
</p>

<p>
 Use the tabs at the top of the grey form to switch between data
 sets.  Each user may have a different set of tabs - to select one
 simply click on the word as you would a normal web link.  The page
 will then be refreshed to display the selected data set.  The current
 selected tab appears slightly raised and the title is not underlined.
</p>

<a name="empSel"></a>
<p>
 Selecting an employee
</p>

<p>
 An employee is select by CID ( Commerce ID ).  If the employee's CID
 is already known you can type the CID directly in to the field provided
 and press enter.  To search for an employee click on the words "Select New",
 that appear directly under the CID field.  This will bring up a window
 with a name field.  Here you can type in the employee's name or a subset of
 the name. e.g. to search for Joe Smith you can type "joe", "smith" or "joe smith".
 After typing in the name click on the search button or press enter.  The window
 will refresh with a list of the employees who match the name given.  To select
 an employee click on their CID - the search window will close and the main window
 should refresh with that employee's record.  The currently selected employee's
 name and supervisor is displayed to the left of the CID field.
</p>

<a name="nonEIC"></a>
<p>
 Non Easter Inch or ex-employees
</p>

<p>
 The employee search window will only list current Easter Inch employees.
 The CID field in the employee select form will allow any valid CID however.
 You can use this fact to review or update records for any Motorola employee -
 past or present.  Note however that the system will not display the employee's
 name or supervisor.
</p>

<a name="recUpd"></a>
<p>
 Updating a record
</p>

<p>
 To update a record first select the correct <a href="#tabSel">data set</a>
 and <a href="#empSel">employee</a>.  If any records for that selection
 exist then a table containing these records will be displayed.  Click on the
 pen in the "Edit" column to update that record.  A new window will open
 with an update form.  Change the fields by typing in new values or by selecting
 a new item from the pick-lists.  When you have changed the fields as required,
 click on the update button.  The update window will close and the main window
 will be refreshed with the updated data.
</p>

<a name="recAdd"></a>
<p>
 Adding a record
</p>

<p>
 To update a record first select the correct <a href="#tabSel">data set</a>
 and <a href="#empSel">employee</a>.  Click on the button labelled "Add New
 Record".  A new window will open with an update form.  Fill in the fields by
 typing in text values or by selecting a new item from the pick-lists.  When you
 have completed the fields as required, click on the update button.  The update
 window will close and the main window will be refreshed with the new record.
</p>

<a name="caCIDs"></a>
<p>
 The HR & team leader corrective action fields
</p>

<p>
 The HR & team leader fields in a corrective action record expect CIDs.  You
 can select an individual by name however by clicking the title of the field.
 This will open a new employee search window.  The window will contain an
 initial list of all HR staff and all supervisors for the respective fields.
 Click on the employee's CID to select.
</p>

<a name="userAdd"></a>
<p>
 Adding a new user
</p>

<p>
 To add a new user you must have access to the admin tab. First
 <a href="#tabSel">select the admin tab</a> and then use the pick-list
 at the top of the form to select "Access Control" - (this is the default).
 Once the page has refreshed two forms will be displayed.  Use the bottom
 form for adding a user.  First type in the user core/X500 ID.  If you do
 not know the user's ID you can look it up by clicking on the link marked
 "Lookup" directly under the User ID field.  This will open a window that
 operates almost exactly like the <a href="#empSel">employee search window</a>.
 Next select which tabs the user will have access to by clicking on the
 corresponding checkboxes.  When finished click on the "Add New User" button;
 the window will then be refreshed to include the new user.
</p>

<a name="userUpd"></a>
<p>
 Updating user access
</p>

<p>
 To update the access privileges for a user first
 <a href="#tabSel">select the admin tab</a> and then use the pick-list
 at the top of the form to select "Access Control" - (this is the default).
 A list of all current users will be displayed.  Only the names of current
 Easter Inch employees are shown.  Use the checkboxes on the user's row
 to change which tabs they have access to.  You can update more than one
 user at the same time.  When you have selected the correct checkboes click
 on the "Update" button to commit the changes.  The window will be refreshed
 with the updated privileges.  If you do not select any tab for a particular
 user then that user will be removed from the list.
</p>

<a name="plAdd"></a>
<p>
 Adding a pick-list item
</p>

<p>
 To add a pick-list item you must have access to the admin tab. First
 <a href="#tabSel">select the admin tab</a> and then use the pick-list
 at the top of the form to select the list you wish to access.
 A list of all current items in the list will be displayed, followed
 by a form to add a new item.  Simply type in the name of the new item
 and click on the "Add New Entry" button.  The window will be refreshed
 to include the new item in the list.  You cannot update or delete an item
 from a pick-list.
</p>

<p class="copyright">
 Copyright &#169; 2001 Motorola Internal Use Only
</p>

</body>

</html>
